So continuing on
with the shoulder,
we've removed the foreshank
before we go a little further, I've got a
little blood clot here, which does happen
just means that that blood hasn't come
out of the animal and it clotted together.
I'm just going to remove
that want to make sure that we remove
any blood clots we find it can produce
some off flavors in your finished product.
Next.
I'm going to start at this bone
here, I'm going to come right down to it.
This is almost similar to a chicken thigh
in that you're going to see this bone
and then it's going to open up down here.
So I'm going to come
right down to the bone here
on the either side.
And start to expose our ball joint here.
Then I'm going to come
straight down the middle of this scapula
for me, I do it this way because
it gives us a good view of what that bone
looks like before we go any further.
I also like it
because there's a lot of connective
tissue on this piece here in my hand,
so it'll give me the opportunity
to clean this up.
And now I'm
going to come underneath
on either side here
and remove this bone.
So the interesting thing about this
scapula is it has like
a keel bone underneath there, like a
I call it, sometimes the shark fin.
So it's a bone underneath here
that's curved.
And as we get into it,
it can pose an issue if you don't
understand the shape of it.
So that's what I'm going to do.
first, I'm going to come underneath
and I'm starting to feel it here
with my finger.
Now I'm going to come underneath
on the opposite side.
I'm cutting against the bone here,
so I want to make sure that I'm
keeping as much meat on the
on the meat part
and separating
as much as I can from the bone.
So there's that scapula part
that we were talking about earlier,
and we're left with a boneless shoulder.